# Command Line Arguments
**1/ What software entity is responsible for parsing or reading the command line arguments?**

The operating system will take care of parsing and reading the command line arguments.

**2/ What software entity is responsible for verifying or checking the command line arguments?**

After the program receives the command line arguments, it will handle the verifying and checking task. 

**3/ What is the first command line argument?**

The first command line argument is the the program name 

**4/ Explain what argc and argv refer to.**

**argc** indicates the number of arguments pass to the program, **argv** is the pointer to the list of arguments passed to the program. 

**5/ In an assembly language program, where is argc passed to the program?**

In assembly language the argc will be passed to the rdi register.

**6/ In an assembly language program, where is argv passed to the program?**

In assembly language the argv will be passed to the rsi register.

**7/ If seven spaces are entered between each of the command line arguments, how are the spaces removed when the command line arguments are checked?**

The spaces will be removed by the OS before it pass to the program.

**8/ If a number is expected as a command line argument, and the user enters “12x3” (an invalid value), is an error generated by the operating system (i.e., the loader)?**

No, the operating system does not check this case it will accept all non-space characters. This task must be handle later by the program.


